hello hello so I'm going to do my
handbags from vera bradley of course and
I have them all kind of and their own
little categories of what I have that's
the same or similar and I even have a
pile of what you might call it randoms
whatever ok so I'm going to start off
with my campus totes I have one and i'll
try to remember where i bought these
from i don't remember so most of them
either came from ebay the china sellers
or vera bradley itself and my cat is
being tad bit annoying right now say
anything way thank ed ok so i've got a
campus tote and indigo pop I've got one
in Provence all I've got one in baroque
and I have one in ribbons and I want to
get one and plum crazy so hopefully I
can find one at a good price the next
section is going to be my Caroline's
this is when they were having the fall
sale and all the Care Alliance were all
on sale for like thirty nine dollars or
31 something like that so I've got one
in English Rose I've got one in plum
crazy sorry I'm a little far away one
end jazzy blooms and one in
tutti frutti those are my Caroline's now
I'm going to do my chain bags and only
have two I have one and twirly birds
pink and this I got off ebay for like 17
bucks it was a great deal it's been used
but it's in very good shape and then I
got one in happy snails which i also got
from ebay and it was used or maybe this
one might have been knew that how to tag
and i got it for like 30 so that was a
good deal the next section is going to
be my ed satchels for some reason I kept
saying the wrong and my previous videos
when I got them so I apologized ed I
don't know why I was calling them Eddie
anyways I've got one in Prague install I
got this from the china seller actually
yeah this is the only one I got from the
china seller then i got one and paisley
meets plaid which i got from the fall
sale and then one night blues which i
also got from the fall sale alright the
next section this is going to be my
random bags because I've only got one of
each in these so I got a Glenna and Baba
bloom this came from the china sellers
verse thirty dollars that belief and
then i got an alice and totally turq
this came from the flash sale off ebay
for like twenty three dollars or
something it was a crazy deal brand new
ok now the next bags are going to be my
Eloise I have one in English Rose
I have one in baroque sorry my Tower of
purses are falling one in baroque and
also one in a tea garden and these two I
got from the eBay site they were on
sales when they were having their
Eloise's for like 30 something dollars
and this one I got from ebay / like so
cheap i believe it was like twelve
dollars mm and it's in really great
condition I mean it's obviously been
used but it's no stains or anything so
great great condition the next category
is going to be my my crossbodies bags so
I've got one on the go and it's in the
pattern susanti and I got this from the
vera bradley store I've got a little
hipster ebony and paisley i got from QVC
I got another little hipster and
bittersweet which I did a an exchange
from the Heather pattern to this pattern
i don't i don't like Heather I'm sorry I
just don't I've got a mini chain bag in
Baba bloom and this came from the flash
sale off ebay this is when it was like
thirteen dollars and these are all
little hipsters so I have one in ribbons
one and Lola flip it over one in English
Rose and one and province all you might
recall that I did have one and
Canterbury cobalt but I gave it to my
mother because she really really liked
it she fell in love with it when she
first saw it so I said that she could
have it so now the next handbags are
going to be probably this is probably my
favorite handbag of all time this is the
280 collection that I have
let's get started shall we so I've got
one in jazzy blooms I've got one and
ribbons I've got one in baroque I've got
one in midnight blues 1n Paisley meets
plaid one in Lola and one and province
all so guys that is my handbag
collection except for you could probably
see it right there hanging on the chair
s the bag i'm using right now that's my
turn lock satchel indonesia Paisley and
I believe that's it so guys that's my
collection tell me what you think and
I'm so glad I finally got to it again I
apologize for taking forever and I do
want to show you one thing there's my
benicia paisley apron hanging on my door
in my little kitchen and they're cute i
love it alright guys talk to y'all later
back